import numpy as np
import pandas as pd
import datetime as dt
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
import pandas_datareader as pdr
import yfinance as yf
from keras.models import load_model
import streamlit as st
from sklearn.preprocessing import MinMaxScaler
import time

NumPy:
o NumPy is a powerful library for numerical computing in
Python.
o It provides support for large, multi-dimensional arrays and
matrices, along with mathematical functions to operate on these
arrays.

Pandas:
o Pandas is a data manipulation and analysis library for Python.
o It offers data structures like DataFrame and Series, making it
efficient for working with structured data.

Datetime:
o The datetime module provides classes to work with dates and
times.
o It is commonly used for handling time-related operations in data
analysis and manipulation.

Matplotlib:
o Matplotlib is a plotting library for creating static, animated, and
interactive visualizations in Python.
o The pyplot module provides a MATLAB-like interface for
making plots.

Pandas DataReader:
o Pandas DataReader is a module that provides access to financial
data from various online sources.
o It is often used for fetching stock market data for analysis.

yfinance:
o yfinance is a Python library that allows easy access to Yahoo
Finance data.
o It simplifies the process of downloading historical stock data
and financial information from Yahoo Finance.

Keras Load Model:
o Keras is a high-level neural networks API.
o The load_model function is used to load a pre-trained neural
network model saved in the Hierarchical Data Format (HDF5)
format.

Streamlit:
o Streamlit is a Python library for creating web applications for
data science and machine learning.
o It simplifies the process of turning data scripts into shareable
web apps.

MinMaxScaler:
o MinMaxScaler is a preprocessing technique in scikit-learn for
scaling numerical data.
o It transforms features by scaling them to a specified range like
[0, 1].

Time:
o The time module provides various time-related functions.
o It is used for introducing delays in the code execution, as seen
in the Streamlit app's loading spinner.
